So one thing to consider about your prior experience in the military experience
prior to the military is that they intentionally make these
jobs, generally speaking, available to everybody of all types. So
I was a history major, and I became a pilot. You wouldn't necessarily
say that. There's ah, uh, a relationship to those things. There are
plenty of people that air engineers, for instance, that our pilots,
but there are plenty of people that are not. So you see, as far as
the journal warfare communities are concerned, you can. You can gain
disqualifications without having what would be considered the right
degree or training. Prior to that. For more specialized type things
you might need need a background in whatever you want to do. But nothing
particularly comes to mind is what what those might be. Educational
opportunities that air outside the Navy say, For instance, you
know political military masters, which could take you to civility,
civilian institution like Stanford, Harvard, Princeton or anything
like that That might require a degree that is specific to that type
of study. I'm sure there are others, too, but that's the best example
and come up with